Hello everyone and welcome to the support vector machines project in this lecture video Well we're going
to be doing is just going over the notebook for the support vector machines project before we actually
tackle it on your own.
Let's go ahead and jump to that notebook.
OK.
Here we are at the notebook for this project we're going to be doing is exploring publicly available
data from Lending Club dot com Lending Club is a company and a Web site that connects people who need
money called borrowers with people who have money called investors.
Hopefully as an investor you want to invest in people who show a profile of having a high probability
of paying you back your money.
But we're going to be doing is trying to create a model of support vector machines to help predict this
.
A quick side note Lending Club had a really interesting and kind of dramatic year in 2016.
So we can check out some of their data and keep that context in mind.
All the data we're going to be using from the sea as we file provided for you is from even before they
went public from the years 2007 to 2010.
First are going to be checking up data opening it checking out the summary and structure of the loans
then you're going to do a little bit of exploratory data analysis of Jeezy plus to creating some histogram
shown here.
A bar plot and then a scatterplot and there's an option for coloring that scatterplot on who paid and
who didn't pay.
After that you can go ahead and start building the model you'll split your data into a training and
test set.
You'll create the support vector machine model and you'll get a summary of the model then please predict
functions predict new values.
You'll realize that just using the base parameters will actually get you very good predictions which
will end up having to do is tune your model and there is some hints here as to how to use the tune function
in order to do this.
A quick note the lecture kind of ends at the tuning model phase because the pin industry of your computer
the tune function could take a really long time.
Go ahead and keep in mind if you have a slower computer.
Don't put so many parameters otherwise you'll be tuning all day just creating those various support
vector machines functions etc..
OK.
Hopefully you enjoy this project and I will see it the next lecture where we will be going over these
solutions for the project.
Thanks.
And also either